README.md, before:

# labyrinth

To run this program, you will need `go` installed. You can download it from [https://go.dev/dl/](https://go.dev/dl/).

## CLI

You can run the CLI program using:

```sh
# The following options are available :
# - SAVE_ID=<save-id>       To set the save ID name.
# - BOARD_SIZE=<size>       To set the board size.
# - PLAYER_COUNT=<count>    To set the numbe rof players.
make [options] cli-run
```

Note: You can clean existing saves using the following command:

```sh
make cli-clean
```


## Web application

To run the web application, you will need to create the environment files, and then set the corresponding environment variables:

```sh
make setup-env

# This will create the following files:
webapp/.env
```

Once the env file has been set,you can either run the app in development mode using:

```sh
make run
```

Or in production mode using:
```sh
make production
```

This will start the following applications:
```
webapp              127.0.0.1:9000 (dev) / 0.0.0.0:80 (production)
api-domain          127.0.0.1:9001
```

## Test

You can run the unit tests for both domain and webapp using the following command:

```sh
make test
```
/!\ Warning: Running tests requires `go`, `php8.1` and `composer` installed globally.

/!\ Warning: You will also need the following PHP extensions installed: `php8.1-xml`, `php8.1-mbstring` and `php8.1-curl`.

Commit message:

Add script to deploy the labyrinth to AWS

README.md, after:

# labyrinth

To run this program, you will need `go` installed. You can download it from [https://go.dev/dl/](https://go.dev/dl/).

## CLI

You can run the CLI program using:

```sh
# The following options are available :
# - SAVE_ID=<save-id>       To set the save ID name.
# - BOARD_SIZE=<size>       To set the board size.
# - PLAYER_COUNT=<count>    To set the numbe rof players.
make [options] cli-run
```

Note: You can clean existing saves using the following command:

```sh
make cli-clean
```


## Web application

To run the web application, you will need to create the environment files, and then set the corresponding environment variables:

```sh
make setup-env

# This will create the following files:
webapp/.env
```

Once the env file has been set,you can either run the app in development mode using:

```sh
make run
```

Or in production mode using:
```sh
make production
```

This will start the following applications:
```
webapp              127.0.0.1:9000 (dev) / 0.0.0.0:80 (production)
api-domain          127.0.0.1:9001
```

## Deploy to production

To dpeloy to production, you will need the SHH key and add it to `.secrets/labyrinth-ed25519`. Then you can run the
deploy command:

```sh
make production-deploy
```

## Test

You can run the unit tests for both domain and webapp using the following command:

```sh
make test
```
/!\ Warning: Running tests requires `go`, `php8.1` and `composer` installed globally.

/!\ Warning: You will also need the following PHP extensions installed: `php8.1-xml`, `php8.1-mbstring` and `php8.1-curl`.
